README.md, before:

# Fulhaus-Front-End-Challenge

Frontend for an item display page and checkout cart. Can add and remove items from shopping cart. The total is calculated by the item prices and quantities of each item. **_To run application_**, clone this repo and type "npm start" in console for directory where project is cloned.

Built responsively for Desktop and Mobile view.

Built with:

- **_React_**
- **_Redux_** to manage state
- **_Axios_** to preform HTTP requests
- **_Tailwind_** for styling

## Redux State Management

Created two pieces of global state for this MVP:

- productList
- cartList

Get request for product items are asynchronously called with the productList is empty and the main page is loaded.
The cart list is added so users can interact with the cart list on any component of the application.

## Responsive Design

Dynamically changes from a mobile view to a desktop view at the large breakpoint (1024px). Design with a mobile first approach

### Desktop View

![Decktop View](./public/desktop_view.jpg 'Desktop View')

### Mobile View

![Mobile View](./public/mobile_view.jpg 'Mobile View')

Commit message:

added step to install dependencies to markdown

README.md, after:

# Fulhaus-Front-End-Challenge

Frontend for an item display page and checkout cart. Can add and remove items from shopping cart. The total is calculated by the item prices and quantities of each item. **_To run application_** clone this repo, install all dependencies with _"npm install"_, and start application with _"npm start"_.

Built responsively for Desktop and Mobile view.

Built with:

- **_React_**
- **_Redux_** to manage state
- **_Axios_** to preform HTTP requests
- **_Tailwind_** for styling

## Redux State Management

Created two pieces of global state for this MVP:

- productList
- cartList

Get request for product items are asynchronously called with the productList is empty and the main page is loaded.
The cart list is added so users can interact with the cart list on any component of the application.

## Responsive Design

Dynamically changes from a mobile view to a desktop view at the large breakpoint (1024px). Design with a mobile first approach

### Desktop View

![Decktop View](./public/desktop_view.jpg 'Desktop View')

### Mobile View

![Mobile View](./public/mobile_view.jpg 'Mobile View')
